Q) Whats your total work Experience?
1.5 years

Q) What's your current location? If you are not currently residing in Pune, what would be your motivation to relocate to Pune? 
I am currently working from home(Lucknow).
I would prefer work-from-home opportunities if possible. and if not, I can relocate subject to other things.
My motivation to relocate to Pune is, I have spent 4 years of my college in Pune.  Many of my college friends are already working in Pune.
I am quite well versed with the place.

Q) What is your current salary? What is your expected salary? 
Current CTC: 7.01 lacs
Expected CTC: 12.57 lacs

Q) What is your current notice period? 
3 months, Previously it was 2 months but extended to 3 months in December last year. 

Q) Do you have any offers in Hand? If Yes, what is the tentative joining date of the new organization?
No, I am currently not holding any offer in my hand.

Q) Why would Coupa interest you as your next career move?
Looking at the job description, this opportunity looks quite tempting to me in terms of learning opportunities and career growth particularly in
the salesforce domain.  

Q) Are you open to working in flexible shift timings?
Yes  

Q) Please mention the reason for moving out of all your previous jobs and including the current company. Please be as descriptive as possible. E.g. Company name: Reason 
Persistent Systems: Reasons why I am looking for a job change :
a)Looking for better learning opportunities: Though I am getting to learn well with my current job. But still, I believe that I am not able to utilize my 
potential to the full extent in terms of learning and implementation. I want to explore multiple areas of salesforce and its capabilities in solving business 
problems.
b)Instability in policies in the last quarter: had to face a lot of hustle with new policies and systems being introduced in between the major releases.
The major problem is these systems are not robust. For example, The newly introduced deployment process with Jenkins caused lots of code overrides in multiple
sandboxes and we had to spend time fixing that and somehow pushing our code to production. In the Last 2 months, I spent the majority of my time fixing the deployments.
I didn't get to work much on the development side and this thing is concerning me.
c)Better Compensation: I am seeking better compensation as well.

Q) Please confirm you have read the job description of the job applied for and you want to pursue your candidature for the position. 
Yes, I have read the job description. I found this opening on LinkedIn and applied through the Coupa software career site. I am pretty much interested in this 
job opportunity.

Q) Our office is currently located at Senapati Bapat Road (Pune), are you comfortable commuting to the office daily if selected? 
Yes. 
Q) Does any of your friends or relatives work for Coupa? We love internal references. Please name if you have an internal reference in Coupa.
No.